USER STORY: System Administrator Views Job Queue

As a systemadministrator, I want to view the queue of validation and import jobs in the system so that I can manage the jobs.

1. Flow:

* For a user in the systemadministrator role, in the left navigation pane, there will be a menu item called "Job Queue" under the "Experiment Management" category.
* When the user clicks on the Job Queue menu item, the system displays a page that shows the current queue of validation and import jobs in the system.
  + The jobs will appear in full detail (queue position, user ID doing the import/validation, experiment public identifier, job type -- Validation or Import, time started, and status -- Running or In Queue).
  + Clicking on the experiment public identifier will take the user to the Manage Data page for that experiment.
* The system will automatically refresh the Job Queue page contents every 30 seconds. (Note: Revisit this requirement if the performance is not acceptable.)

2. Acceptance Criteria:

2.1 Log in as a user with the systemadministrator role. There should be a Job Queue menu item under Experiment Management in the left navigation pane.
2.2 Clicking on the Job Queue menu item should take the user to a Job Queue page.
2.3 If no validation or import jobs are running, the Job Queue page should show an empty table.
2.4 If 'n' validation/import jobs have been initiated (by any number of users in the system), the Job Queue page should show a table with 'n' entries, ordered by increasing queue position. The top entry should show a status of "Running", a queue position of 1, and the correct "Time Started" value. The remaining entries should show a status of "In Queue", the appropriate job type ("Validation" or "Import"), and should appear in the order in which they were initiated.
2.5 For all jobs in the queue, the User column entry should show the owner's user ID, and the Experiment column entry should show the experiment's public identifier.
2.6 Clicking on the experiment public identifier should take the user to the Manage Data page for that experiment.
2.7 When a job finishes, the Job Queue page should automatically refresh within 30 seconds to show the updated table with the finished job gone.
2.8 When the system starts a new job, the Job Queue page should automatically refresh within 30 seconds to show the new job in queue position = 1 and status = Running. the queue position of all other jobs in the table should be updated.

3. UI Mockups / Wireframes:

Job_Queue_Sysadmin.png
